have you ever wanted to watch a man go
on a vengeful rampage would your first
thought of someone that would do it be
nicholas cage then you're sure to love
this 2018's mandy gives you just that
while this is my opinion on the film
it's no substitute for watching it
yourself links to the film are in the
description like the video if you enjoy
if this is any indication of what's to
come these words speak towards this
being an awesome journey of course
nicholas cage is a lumberjack now just
add that to the list of occupations for
his characters this is probably one of
the most sensual smoke sessions i've
ever witnessed red is a lumberjack who
is helping clear an area of forest while
red enjoys his drive home he takes in
the serene majesty of the forest era
he's passing through
honestly that's one of the coolest ways
i've ever seen that done i wish more
films did something similar as red makes
his way inside he's greeted by mandy his
wife this is the first time we see red
smile so far and i'm imagining that
won't happen for a good bit of the movie
you can tell by the way they interact
the red and mandy are absolutely in love
with each other
what's yours
saturn probably she's over here wanting
to know his favorite planet when all he
sees is the stars in her eyes this man
is hooked the visuals in this film are
so gorgeous as red and mandy continue to
enjoy each other's company through time
we can tell that they enjoy a certain
amount of peace in their life
well that's an unpleasant sound to wake
up to as mandy follows the sound to a
clearing in the forest she comes across
a dead deer that makes mandy feel uneasy
sometimes i wonder if we should move
away from this place i think between the
poor deer and him bringing this up i
would think it would be a good idea to
leave instead manny takes his time to
tell a terrible story of her father from
when she was younger red's face pretty
much sums up how mandy's story goes the
next day mandy is spending some time
alone to catch up on some reading but as
she reads further the words begin to
haunt her as she takes a walk down the
dirt road that leads to their house she
sees the light of a van making its way
towards her the van is filled with
unruly looking characters and they drive
right by mandy something about that look
just doesn't bode well for mandy
potential antagonist i think so i have a
feeling these are the people we should
watch out for we cut to the group of
people that were in the van at what
looks like a hotel jeremiah is lying on
a bed and he looks perplexed to mother
marlene i'm definitely getting a cult
leader vibe here
if you are not with me you will not
ascend
called it jeremiah then calls in brother
swan
do you have the horn of the praxis and
there's the religious cult rock to go
along with it it's almost like this guy
got a how to start your own cult kit and
followed it to the dot jeremiah tells
the follower that he needs mandy and he
commands him together for him there's
actually many similarities between
jeremiah and real life cult leader
charles manson both are failed musicians
who took it personally when insulted and
the use of psychedelics were used before
acts of violence
i guess you live around here yeah we
lived just down there oh that sounds
lovely
see you later one if an old woman asks
you about where you live with a creepy
tone don't tell her exactly where 2.
crystal lake any connections later that
night brother swan parks the van with
another man brother hanker who does not
look amused by what's going on
[Music]
i don't care if that's a cult relic it
has a beautiful sound and i want one the
two men wait in the van with others from
the cult waiting in the back soon a
whole gaggle of four-wheelers and
suspicious characters appear back at red
and mandy's house the creatures that
brother swan had summoned appear in the
tree line soon after they are inside the
house this girl got really serious
really fast mandy is taken and brought
back to the cult where the other women
try to explain things to her
as long as you're a good girl
or at least they give her a little bit
of the rules the other woman that is
there is sister lucy and she helps
mother marlene in getting mandy ready to
be part of the cult
no thank you i'm sorry
for all this
[Music]
i don't really think that's enough to
make up for demons kidnapping you in the
middle of the night as jeremiah explains
a little bit of how the cult wants to
welcome her mandy begins to fall under
his trance jeremiah tells of how he once
had a chance at fame and fortune but he
was shown another path that led to
something far greater
you're a special one mandy
i too
am a special one
let us be
so very special together
it's almost too good to be true yet
after his offer mandy proceeds to laugh
at what he's presenting and it
infuriates him later we see red is tied
up outside of his house as he comes to
jeremiah approaches him with others from
the cult he tells red that he doesn't
know powerful love so he gives sister
lucy a revolver and tells her to show
red how much she loves jeremiah i'm not
sure if that's love but she didn't look
too relieved that it didn't go off we
can't lose the main protagonist this
early it's only halfway done as red
suffers through his pain he watches as
the co-members make their way out of his
house they douse a body in a bag that is
mandy with gasoline before they proceed
to set a flame to it and watch it burn
while this is a sad moment we all know
that red isn't gonna let this go lightly
as mandy burns each member of the cult
takes this event differently some
celebrate some are saddened and others
are joking the one constant is that
everything is fueling vengeance in red
once it's all done the coat packs up and
leaves red tied outside
we all knew barbed wire wasn't gonna
hold nicholas cage as he crawls over to
his wife red sheds a single tear before
what's left of mandy blows away to dust
i honestly didn't know he was pantless
this whole time after such a serious
moment this definitely made me laugh
what kind of commercials did they have
in the 80s they better get ready they
have no idea what beast they've just
unleashed red visits an old friend of
his name carruthers who has been holding
on to red's
crossbow so what you hunting jesus
freaks
best joke i've heard all year after red
explains what happens carruthers
mentions the name black skulls he
explains that the chapter of their gang
got a bad batch of lsd from a chemist
that messed with their heads and they
were never the same again red knows his
odds aren't so great but that isn't
going to be enough to stop him
did everyone in the 80s have an
underground forge ready to make weapons
coolest axe i've ever seen why didn't he
have any weapons at his own house when
they broke in this axe was actually
inspired by legendary metal band celtic
frost's logo these chapter labels are
some of the coolest artwork in a film
recently as red hunts down members of
the gang you can see that he's a man on
the edge what was that guy made of that
made his whole car go airborne
again he only got one of them and he's
tied up again once red wakes up he
attracts the attention of the member
that brought him in initially it looks
almost inhuman but after a closer look
we realize that he's really just a
person behind a demented face covering
what is that hole a pit to hell as red
escapes from the basement that he's
trapped in he comes across another
demonic member who is relaxing with some
drugs red just can't win this movie he's
been constantly injured lost the love of
his life and his sanity has gone with it
all that's the face of a man you just
don't mess with anymore he's
bloodthirsty now
yes we definitely need the revenge
crazed maniac to be hopped up even more
on lsd after red goes outside he runs
into another member who fights him until
red gets the best of him with his ex
yeah and now so are you red now takes
the motorcycle of one of the dead
members and ventures farther down the
road until he comes to a man known as
the chemist while red doesn't say a word
the chemist elaborates on how red exudes
darkness and he can tell that red is
there for the cult members the chemist
tells red that they're farther north and
red goes on as merry way to find them as
red continues on his four-wheeler he
finds himself stuck in what seems like a
bog and he has to continue on foot he
finds himself on the shore of the forest
that he had been working on in the
beginning and not far from there he
finds where the cult members have been
was he chopping down trees in the
beginning to supply the cult members
earlier i have a feeling that by the end
of this journey that house will belong
to red instead
she burned brightly mandy
why does everyone think it's a good idea
to bring up his burning wife right
before he kills them don't anger him
anymore needless to say red has had
enough and ends brother swan in a
terrible way then he turns his attention
to sister lucy whom he actually lets
live as he closes in on more members of
violence absolutely follows this is just
a free-for-all of victims now oh god
he's got a chainsaw now the other member
gives red a look as though he's been
waiting for him this whole time
seriously does he just hang out in
random places with an extra long
chainsaw in tow all the time this whole
chainsaw fight had to be filmed in one
single night the director panos
described it as a straight-up living
hell to shoot an epic battle of
chainsaws ensues which i never thought i
would say yet here we are watching
nicolas cage fight with a chainsaw as
the two of these titans battle it
doesn't look good for red until
this is definitely a fulfilling way to
end their struggle not as fulfilling as
setting him on fire and commenting about
it every 10 minutes but still a happy
ending red goes back to the cult's
church and finds an alternate path
inside that leads further down into the
ground as he continues he reaches a room
that mother marlene is sobbing in this
is not the time to be flaunting that
this man is covered from head to toe in
the blood of your fellow members and you
burnt his wife right in front of him you
would have been better off using all
this time to run as the screen cuts to
black we come back to see jeremiah
trying to warn red out of coming into
the room
okay i did laugh out loud here jeremiah
proceeds to try and brag the wonders of
what he's been blessed with and tries to
dissuade red by telling him that he's
not on the same level as him he tries to
explain to red that he's actually the
gate to his salvation once jeremiah
realizes that red cannot be swayed he
starts to crack red is even more
terrifying when you're tripping balls on
lsd it's in this moment that red crushes
jeremiah in a way you never thought
physically possible that feels like real
redemption now we've been waiting for
the fire to be used but it only feels
fitting that he saved it for jeremiah
that's definitely fulfilling the watch
after a long journey of pain and
vengeance it's good to know that he can
look back and still find peace in her
memory extra little tidbit there's
actually a short still scene after the
end credits that shows the sketches from
mandy's pages around 2 hours 1 minute
and 8 seconds thank you again for
watching again this is just my opinion
so by all means try the film out for
yourself there's something there for
everyone leave a like if you liked the
video and subscribe to keep up with our
new content if there's a film you'd like
me to watch next leave a comment down
below and i'll see you in the next video